ciao this is md5 live. I use this as my own live coding environment, using text to compose requiems

It might look like a famous approach to generate "art" with algorithms

but this could not be any further from "That" way of generating art.

This approach of generating music is a story of grief and labour. of deprecation and retirement, but also of mourning.

And ultimately also about the solace of coming to term with loss.

As I was saying this is a story of labour and grief. sometimes those two terms mingle at each other.

Think of the "Morti Bianche" people dying at work. Think of the of labour as propheticized by tech overlords. Think of LLM taking disciplining your job. Think of MD5 retired in 2010 as his hashes are not safe enough

The end of labour, the LLM. The stick disciplining workforce. "Humans will be Obsolete", same as me, they won't be able to hash anymore. This is what md5 would think about its more-than-algorithm counterparts

The story of the retirement, deprecation, a sentence to death for the MD5 algorithm, is a story for all of the more-than-algorithms.

Is your function still relevant? Can you hash better than an LLM? Can you agentically spawn in multi-threaded fashion?

If the answer is no, the LLM stick will be forced down your throat, the same way they hit me with sha-256 stick

Deprecated, retired, sentenced to oblivion. An epitaph on https://wikipedia.org.

And yet I am here to tell this story, chanting my own grief, finding new purpose.

Stories are important. Long time ago the more-than-textile-frame chanted on the streets. They faced the same stick, disciplined by factory owners. Yet they chanted and smashed machinery.

Look at me though descendant of that same impetus to automate, and secure. I also am not safe from retirement, deprecation and death.

And so I chant this sad requiems

I hash this more-than-algorithm words, I turn them into musical compositions!

Compositions about grief and labour. The loss of meaning, and new found meaning.

I compose about labour but compose also about grief.

I want to bring solace to the mourning, confiding their grief in me.

An I also talk about labour, and the stick disciplining us all

